README.md, before:


# Ratatouille App

## About the App

Ratatouille app allows a user to look up restaurants based on search input such as an address, specific location, zip code, etc. Users can also add restaurants to their wishlisted, favorite, or visited restaurants list. If a user has visited a restaurant, they can leave notes/reviews for that place. Reviews can be edited or completely deleted. The same goes for the restaurants in the user's lists.

## Tech Stack I've used

I've used the following technologies in this project: Python/Flask, SQLite, SQLAlchemy, Jinja, Google Places APIs, JavaScript, HTML, Tailwind CSS.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.12.4**: Download and install from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. **Node.js and npm**: Download and install from [npmjs.com](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/Srasulova/Ratatouille.git
    cd Ratatouille  # Ensure you navigate into the cloned repository directory
    ```

2. **Create a virtual environment and activate it:**
    ```sh
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```

3. **Install the required Python packages:**
    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. **Install Node.js dependencies:**
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

5. **Run the project:**
    ```sh
    npm run dev  # This command will run both the front and back end
    ```

6. **Open your browser and navigate to** `http://localhost:5000`

Commit message:

add the live link to the readme

README.md, after:


# Ratatouille App

## About the App

Ratatouille app allows a user to look up restaurants based on search input such as an address, specific location, zip code, etc. Users can also add restaurants to their wishlisted, favorite, or visited restaurants list. If a user has visited a restaurant, they can leave notes/reviews for that place. Reviews can be edited or completely deleted. The same goes for the restaurants in the user's lists.

## Tech Stack I've used

I've used the following technologies in this project: Python/Flask, SQLite, SQLAlchemy, Jinja, Google Places APIs, JavaScript, HTML, Tailwind CSS.

## Live URL

Play around the app using this URL -  https://ratatouille-uuky.onrender.com The app is not mobile friendly at the moment. This will be fixed soon. 

## Installation

### Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.12.4**: Download and install from [python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. **Node.js and npm**: Download and install from [npmjs.com](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)

### Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/Srasulova/Ratatouille.git
    cd Ratatouille  # Ensure you navigate into the cloned repository directory
    ```

2. **Create a virtual environment and activate it:**
    ```sh
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows use `venv\Scripts\activate`
    ```

3. **Install the required Python packages:**
    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. **Install Node.js dependencies:**
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

5. **Run the project:**
    ```sh
    npm run dev  # This command will run both the front and back end
    ```

6. **Open your browser and navigate to** `http://localhost:5000`
